Next, `+dnf+` will begin installing the updates and removing old
packages. To do this, `+dnf+` is going to use the disk and memory
resources; you will monitor this using `+filetop+`, `+xfsslower+` and
`+cachestat+`.

In the _filetop_ tab, you will start to see files being read and written
to disk. As `+dnf+` reads files from an rpm package, it writes them out
to the disk. Below is what the read operations should look like:

From the above output, you can see in the Type column(T) that these are
regular files(R). Further, you can see the counters in the READS column
report greater than 0. This shows you in, real time, what `+dnf+` is
doing with files on the system.

Further, on the _xfsslower_ tab, you will start to see XFS operations
take longer than the 10ms threshold and disk operations will start to be
displayed:

In the above output, you see the file that `+dnf+` is working on and the
latency in the LAT(ms) column, the data above shows that the longest
latency was 567.45 milliseconds while accessing the packages.db-journal
file. If you wish to improve the speed of `+dnf update+` on this system
by reducing latency, you may want to look at upgrading the underlying
storage of this system.

If you look at the _cachestat_ tab, you will see that the number of
misses on the cache has gone up during the `+dnf+` package installation
procedure as it is starting to need access to data that is not cached:

If you keep watching the _cachestat_ terminal, you will notice that the
number of misses goes back down to zero after the `+dnf update+`
completes. This is because when the `+dnf update+` is finished, the
virtual machine returns to a more idle state and there is very little
running that needs access to storage.
